Clarify answer file vs. sample output files (#226)
Kattis/problem-package-format: spec/2023-07-draft.md

| Extension                       | Described In         | Summary                                |
|---------------------------------|----------------------|----------------------------------------|
| `.in`                           | Input                | Input piped to standard input          |

> | `.ans`                          | Output Validator     | Answer file used to validate submission output |

Reviewer: Is something like "Input to the Output Validator" maybe more obvious than "Answer file" (which feels a bit misleading to me)

> | `.ans`                          | Output Validator     | Answer file used to validate submission output |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `.ans`                          | Output Validator     | Input to the Output Validator                  |
```

- An *illustration* provides a visualization of the associated test case.
  Note that at most one image file may exist for each test case.

>   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

| output_validator_flags | String                              | empty string            | Inherited      | Arguments passed to the output validator for this test data group.
| run_samples            | Boolean                             | true                    | Not applicable | Signifies whether samples should be run, see below for details.

### Sample Output

Test cases in the `sample` test data group may optionally include an `.out` file. 
This file contains example correct output for the sample input in the corresponding `.in` file. 

> This output is displayed in the problem statement (except if the problem statement is in PDF format—[See Problem Statements](#problem-statements)) and the sample output file must pass output validation given the test case's `.ans` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This output is displayed in the problem statement (except if the problem statement is in PDF format — [See Problem Statements](#problem-statements)) and the sample output file must pass output validation given the test case's `.ans` file.
```

| output_validator_flags | String                              | empty string            | Inherited      | Arguments passed to the output validator for this test data group.
| run_samples            | Boolean                             | true                    | Not applicable | Signifies whether samples should be run, see below for details.

### Sample Output

Test cases in the `sample` test data group may optionally include an `.out` file. This file contains example correct output for the sample input in the corresponding `.in` file. This output is displayed in the problem statement (except if the problem statement is in PDF format---[See Problem Statements](#problem-statements)) and the sample output file must pass output validation given the test case's `.ans` file.

> For problems that use a default output validator where the `.ans` file is the output of a trusted judge reference solution, the `.out` file may be ommitted, in which case the contents of the `.ans` file will be used as the sample output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.out` file may be omitted, in which case the `.ans` file will be used as the `.out` file.
In this case, the `.ans` file must pass output validation.
```

| output_validator_flags | String                              | empty string            | Inherited      | Arguments passed to the output validator for this test data group.
| run_samples            | Boolean                             | true                    | Not applicable | Signifies whether samples should be run, see below for details.

### Sample Output

> Test cases in the `sample` test data group may optionally include an `.out` file. This file contains example correct output for the sample input in the corresponding `.in` file. This output is displayed in the problem statement (except if the problem statement is in PDF format—[See Problem Statements](#problem-statements)) and the sample output file must pass output validation given the test case's `.ans` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test cases in the `sample` test data group may optionally include an `.out` file. 
This file contains example correct output for the sample input in the corresponding `.in` file. 
This output is displayed in the problem statement (except if the problem statement is in PDF format—[See Problem Statements](#problem-statements)) and the sample output file must pass output validation given the test case's `.ans` file.
```

> Test cases in the `sample` test data group may optionally include an `.out` file. This file contains example correct output for the sample input in the corresponding `.in` file. This output is displayed in the problem statement (except if the problem statement is in PDF format—[See Problem Statements](#problem-statements)) and the sample output file must pass output validation given the test case's `.ans` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test cases in the `sample` test data group may optionally include an `.out` file. This file contains example correct output for the sample input in the corresponding `.in` file. This output is displayed in the problem statement (except if the problem statement is in PDF format — [See Problem Statements](#problem-statements)) and the sample output file must pass output validation given the test case's `.ans` file.
```

> Test cases in the `sample` test data group may optionally include an `.out` file. This file contains example correct output for the sample input in the corresponding `.in` file. This output is displayed in the problem statement (except if the problem statement is in PDF format---[See Problem Statements](#problem-statements)) and the sample output file must pass output validation given the test case's `.ans` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test cases in the `sample` test data group may optionally include an `.out` file. This file contains example correct output for the sample input in the corresponding `.in` file. This output is displayed in the problem statement (except if the problem statement is in PDF format—[See Problem Statements](#problem-statements)) and the sample output file must pass output validation given the test case's `.ans` file.
```

The `.out` file may be omitted, in which case the `.ans` file will be used as the `.out` file.
In this case, the `.ans` file must pass output validation.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
